User facing mcp integration documentation (#118)
trento-project/docs: trento/adoc/trento-intro.adoc

* Automated discovery of {sap} systems running on ABAP or JAVA stacks and HANA databases.
* Awareness of maintenance situations in a {pace} cluster at cluster, node, or resource level.
* Configuration validation for {hana} Scale-Up Performance/Cost-optimized, {hana} Scale-out and ASCS/ERS clusters deployed on Azure, AWS, GCP or on-premises bare metal platforms, including KVM and Nutanix.
* Useful information that offers insights about the execution of configuration checks.
* Delivery of configuration checks decoupled from core functionality.
* Email alerting for critical events in the monitored landscape.
* Integration of saptune into the console and specific configuration checks at host and cluster levels.
* Information about relevant patches and upgradable packages for registered hosts via integration with {smlm}.
* Monitoring of CPU and memory usage at the host level through basic integration with {prometheus}.
* API-based architecture to facilitate integration with other monitoring tools.
* Rotating API key to protect communication from the {tragent} to the {trserver}.

> * Optional AI-assisted operations to enable natural-language interaction with {trserver}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* AI assistance via Model Context Protocol (MCP) integration.
```

* Housekeeping capabilities.

=== Trento Architecture

[[fig-trento-architecture]]
.Architectural overview
image::trento-high-level-architecture.png[width=80%]

=== {trserver}

The {trserver} is an independent, distributed system designed to run on a {k8s} cluster or as a regular systemd stack. It provides both a Web front-end for user interaction and backend APIs for automation and integration with components such as the {tr_mcp}. Together with the optional link:https://modelcontextprotocol.io/docs/getting-started/intro[{tr_mcp}], it enables secure, AI-assisted operations by exposing {trserver} APIs for natural-language interactions with tools like {mcp_host}, Copilot, Claude, and {suseai}.

The {trserver} consists of the following components:

* The {web} component that acts as a control plane responsible for internal and external communications as well as rendering the UI.
* The checks engine named {wanda} that orchestrates the execution of configuration checks.
* The {tr_mcp} which provides a secure way to call {trserver} APIs without manual navigation of the web UI.
* A {postgresql} database for data persistence.

> * The {rabbitmq} message broker for communicating between the checks engine and the agents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The {rabbitmq} message broker for communication between the orchestration engine and the agents.
```
